README.md, before:

## Domain Connect Template validation tool

This tool can be used to check if a template valid.

### Building

```
go install github.com/Domain-Connect/dc-template-linter@latest
```

### Running

```
git clone https://github.com/Domain-Connect/Templates.git &&
$GOPATH/bin/dc-template-linter ./Templates/*.json
```

When argument is not defined linter will read stdin.

```
curl -s https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Domain-Connect/Templates/master/acymailing.com.acymailer.json |
$GOPATH/bin/dc-template-linter -logos -loglevel debug
```

### Usage

```
$GOPATH/bin/dc-template-linter --help
Usage: dc-template-linter [options] <template.json> [...]
  -cloudflare
	use Cloudflare specific template rules
  -increment
	increment template version, useful when pretty-printing
  -inplace
	inplace write back pretty-print
  -loglevel string
	loglevel can be one of: panic fatal error warn info debug trace (default "info")
  -logos
	check logo urls are reachable (requires network)
  -pretty
	pretty-print template json
  -tolerate string
	non-zero return loglevel treshold: any error warn info debug none (default "info")
  -version
	output version information and exit
Warning. -inplace and -pretty will remove zero priority MX and SRV fields
```

Commit message:

add DCTL coded error messages
Idea of having coded error messages was discussed in the pull request.
Point of these codes is to have a well specified location where long
explanations about errors can be added.  Errors from the lint tooling are
expected to be brief while the supporting wiki pages need to explain in as
much detail as possible what is wrong in the input, and how to fix it.

The idea is taken from ShellCheck that has done the same so well that
imitators are inevitable.

Wiki pages: https://github.com/Domain-Connect/dc-template-linter/wiki

Reference: https://github.com/Domain-Connect/dc-template-linter/pull/8#discussion_r1589941877
Reference: https://www.shellcheck.net/wiki/Home
Signed-off-by: Sami Kerola <kerolasa@iki.fi>

README.md, after:

## Domain Connect Template validation tool

This tool can be used to check if a template valid.

### Building

```
go install github.com/Domain-Connect/dc-template-linter@latest
```

### Running

```
git clone https://github.com/Domain-Connect/Templates.git &&
$GOPATH/bin/dc-template-linter ./Templates/*.json
```

When argument is not defined linter will read stdin.

```
curl -s https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Domain-Connect/Templates/master/acymailing.com.acymailer.json |
$GOPATH/bin/dc-template-linter -logos -loglevel debug
```

### Usage

```
$GOPATH/bin/dc-template-linter --help
Usage: dc-template-linter [options] <template.json> [...]
  -cloudflare
	use Cloudflare specific template rules
  -increment
	increment template version, useful when pretty-printing
  -inplace
	inplace write back pretty-print
  -loglevel string
	loglevel can be one of: panic fatal error warn info debug trace (default "info")
  -logos
	check logo urls are reachable (requires network)
  -pretty
	pretty-print template json
  -tolerate string
	non-zero return loglevel treshold: any error warn info debug none (default "info")
  -ttl uint
	-inplace ttl fix value to be used when template ttl is zero or invalid
  -version
	output version information and exit
Warning. -inplace and -pretty will remove zero priority MX and SRV fields
You can find long DCTL explanations in wiki
e.g., https://github.com/Domain-Connect/dc-template-linter/wiki/DCTL1001
```
